points we will see here as a reaction to age
notice that what matters a lot is the angle to the extent that we
we came the angle is varying the reflections and the drawing on it
stainless but we already have three lights basically with the one closed because
it is created
main light main server after acan-efe cost
this one
phrases bouncing on the wall that makes
a softer filling and finally to give what I wanted the transparency of the
glass on the bottom tovar a flash with a honeycomb that
finishing the background
go the bottom generates a spot that spot of light goes through the glass i reaches up
the camera giving it shape we found there the channel 53 h
who serves to update the official castle sales list
ap
josé cortés lilita
and now let's do one thing or fox tarp the the bell for what the front
which is completely finished tota of country time sense
for the care for another side quiet good there was perfect good time here
they took out the honeycomb please 25 locals are going to see the light alleged that
indiscriminately for all sides locate the bread to the truth we place the
beehive and then there you see what the light is directed into a single
lessons 3 the little leagues
is accommodated delivered by the dftd want to approach a little when it was high
and little more more until this appointment xinhua winds
franck schleck
jackson jackson jorge vázquez jackson mockus but here we have the most
remarkable
how the requirements work
legitimate but rather even surface
we see how
the light is making drawings more or less flat on the stainless the health
facebook cut areas can do more
pisco we have a lucky man back is not at the bottom in
this one can see that it is small light it goes through the bible it reads quite strong
we control the exposition comma granma is correct enough
conservative for a part the brightness to be able to work well after some
computers we check and jean color here all in colors and that this is not
no drama meanwhile we're going to Brazil
emphasized in digital postproduction
Oct 7 as the residence p